hey guys my sauce here and today I have
for you well it's a reworked Annie yet
it's also a skin spotlight um basically
as you might know in case you didn't
know as well annie has had a visual
rework it hasn't been released yet but
this is it also she's getting a new skin
as well which is panda Annie which also
this is it as you can see in her hand
she has a little panda you see this wall
around me lass her news 12 when she's
got a stun ready um let me just
Yeah right well yeah I just thought I'd
sure you call them quickly and i'm going
to show you the abilities they don't
look any different with a skin but they
do look different with a reworking oh my
god that logistic awesome right i'll
start off with sharing the ones i can
show you right here right i have molten
shield free to one that looks so nice to
know and then i have incinerate awesome
i have tippers all right i'll show you
two over there we go sort of look at
that how awesome does that look tippers
looks mean and he's a panda as well
obviously that's only with the skin but
that looks so good right let me charge
up my stun and then I'll go show you my
cue obviously it's no difference just
got done whatever seems to be lasting
longer than usual how long does he Lance
45 seconds right here's my Q which that
is disintegrates and her autotext look a
little bit different as well
right well anyway I'll leave this here
let me know what you guys think 21 the
Panda Annie skin and to that an eerie
work I personally as for the skin it's
all right i just think the best thing
about it is tubers and bars for the
rework I finger rework is just awesome
just absolutely awesome sorry by the way
for sound a bit me that's just probably
because i feel like i'm getting a cold i
don't have a cold yet but i feel like
i'm getting one so my apologies and yeah
well this has been an e the dark child
and this is her rework plus her panda
Annie skin I hope you've enjoyed it
please drop me a comment you know let me
know what you think of it and a like is
always appreciated and if you want to be
epic and you enjoy my content hit that
subscribe button alternatively i do have
a facebook page i will link it in the
description if you'd like to like that
then that'd be awesome as well but I've
been rms yours and until next time peace
you